I heard you got a Netflix special yeah
really yeah what kind of special
stand-up comedy you think they did
stand-up comic he thought because I was
working with Kemal and I you know I said
I'm not a stand-up comedian they said
well we'll pay you ten million I said
I'll do it I can't get that and I am a
stand-up comedian oh yeah all right well
do you mind should we run this yeah I
mean I know we're here to talk about
stupor but you do have one let's take a
look
I've never done stand-up comedy before
but Netflix paid me ten million dollars
so is this impression I do it's it's of
my outlays it's five o'clock somewhere
five o'clock somewhere sketch into
poverty knock-knock
interrupting cow Moo didn't hear that
[Applause]
now that's funny
thanks for watching if you liked that
video click the subscribe button and if
you didn't like it will you hurt my
feelings